# Escape Room "Mr. Fabroa edition" By JP Game Productions

Erik, an 18-year-old young adult was wandering around the city at midnight when he all of a sudden fell into a trap door on his way home from the bar. He woke up to find himself entangled underground with a blackboard next to him with no easy way out. Erik must explore the room, solve intricate puzzles such as fill in the blank and read tricky riddles to discover secret codes hidden within. Players must also persevere through challenging mini-games such as matching games to make their way out before it's too late for Erik. 

There are three difficulty modes, easy, medium, and hard. Easy gives the player infinite oxygen to solve each puzzle with medium allocating them limited oxygen, and hard with even less. If the player decides to choose the medium or hard modes, they must complete all the levels before their oxygen meter runs out, or they will suffocate to death. Players will have to interact with various posters, tables, and boxes to find clues as to how they should complete the level with the final level requiring a clue from each room to solve it. At the end of each run, a score will be presented that will be calculated with the amount of time remaining, along with any easter eggs picked up and difficulty mode selected 
    
There are various easter eggs hidden throughout the level that the player can find, and while they are not a mandatory requirement to beat the game, those who spend time looking for them will be rewarded with more points. But do you have time to spend investigating each room for these easter eggs?  

At the end of each run, the player will receive a score based on the difficulty level selected, any remaining oxygen if applicable, and the amount of easter eggs found will all contribute to your score at every end. 